kjv: add page (#4949)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/kjv.md

# kjv

> The word of God available right on your desktop.
> More information: <https://github.com/bontibon/kjv>.

- Show all books:

`kjv -l`

- Open an individual book:

`kjv Genesis`

- Open an individual chapter of a book:

> `kjv Genesis 2`

Author: Thank you for taking your time to review my pull request. 
In the future, should I follow this example when typing out arguments/parameters for this project?

> - Open individual verse(s) of a specific chapter of a book:

Author: I think that's fair. 
My concern was for people who possibly have never read the Bible before and thus would not know this, but after some consideration it seems unlikely such a person would make a Linux terminal their first place to do so.

`kjv John 3:16`

- Open a range of verses in a book chapter:

`kjv Proverbs 3:1-6`

> - Get a range of chapters and/or verses in a book:

Reviewer: Your command example is about verses, not chapters. So, this example description is confused. Maybe this is better:
```suggestion
- Display a specific range of verses of a book from different chapters:
```

> `kjv Matthew 1:7-2-6`

Reviewer: This command has a typo:
```suggestion
`kjv {{Matthew}} {{1}}:{{7}}-{{2}}:{{6}}`
```

> - Search all verses that match a pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display all verses that match a pattern:
```

> `kjv Exodus/Plagues`

Reviewer: Based on the example description this command is not right:
```suggestion
`kjv /{{Plagues}}`
```

> - Search all verses in a book that match a pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Display all verses that match a pattern in a specific book:
```

> `kjv 1Jn/antichrist`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kjv {{1Jn}}/{{antichrist}}`
```
